CurrentChatUserController+Combine: Use controller.unreadCount as initial value instead of .noUnread (#2334)
GetStream/stream-chat-swift: CHANGELOG.md

# Upcoming

## StreamChat

> ### 🔄 Changed
> - CurrentChatUserController+Combine: Use controller.unreadCount as initial value instead of .noUnread [#2334](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2334)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 🐞 Fixed
- Fix CurrentChatUserController+Combine initialValue hard coded to `.noUnread` instead of using the initial value from the current user data model [#2334](https://github.com/GetStream/stream-chat-swift/pull/2334)

```
